-convert map to layers...
	ground layer
	wall/tree layer
	item layer
	mob layer
	player ownership layer
	god ownership layer
	etc...
-add pet name and cp to who for gods
-add an automated way to buy land or settle on undeveloped land
	The owner can build on it (maybe limit the tile set available)
	Gods would need to "buy" the area they were working on
		This would allow other gods to know who is doing what and where
	Areas that players are not allowed to build, would be purchased by
		game/gods
	This would allow players to potentially settle new towns, elect mayors,
		start wars, etc.
-add changename command
	Allow newbies the ability to switch names up to a certain cp/exp level
*DONE*-add changerace command
	Allow newbies the ability to switch races up to a certain cp/exp level
-add visibility
	different races can see farther than others
	perhaps grey out tiles that are not visible
*DONE*-max stats
	Make it so race can determine maximum values for stats
		including, perhaps HP and MP
-new condition definition system
	Display name is stored in the definition file
		this would allow for different conditions to appear to be the same
		condition to the player
*DONE* (indirectly with kill scipt function)-allow conditions to cause death
	Check for death after all the condition scripts
	The display name from previous change would allow an onOccurance script
		to global chat a death from the condition visible to the player
-New merchant.
	merchant directory, file names match player names.
	could have more than one merchant using .number (wildern.0 wildern.1 ...)
	merchant file would contain all the items the merchant has to sell
		merchant can only sell these items, when they are gone it is an empty
		merchant.
	merchant file would also have the gp total that merchant is storing
-New conditions.
	Want conditions that can affect tiles and items
	Would allow for spells to enhance normal weapons
	Would allow spells to affect tiles (summoning a wall, for instance)
	Would also allow for swimming skill, forest walk skill, digging skill, etc.
-Damage type
	Damage done being of type slice, pierce, blunt, heat, cold, electric
	Weapons and spells could do the various types of damage
	Amor more/less effective against the various damage types
-ItemLife parameter
	Determines how long an item will stay on the map once it has been dropped
		after that time, the item disappears
	Could allow item persistance from player houses
-Item persistance
	Items on the map would get saved with a save game command
-Combine multiple items on same tile
	Generic "stuff" item that when looked at lists what is there
	Player would "get stuff" and pick up all that was there
		need to allow just getting a single item as well
-New combat system
	Switch to single round combat.
	Mob would have to keep track of who has damaged it and by how much
		This would get cleared whenever the mob healed to full
	Items given by mob would need to be created on the map instead of
		in the player's inventory
	Exp would get divvied out when mob died, to all those that damaged it
		with exp being based on the amount of damage done
*DONE*-scripted commands need to override built-in commands
	Need to be able to call built-in commands from scripted commands
	Need to be able to call scripted commands from sctipted commands
		Need to prevent infinite loops
-script includes
	Would be nice to be able to include one script in another
		should endscripts from included scripts end the script?
	Maybe calling a script from within script would be enough and better?
-make stat names configurable
	have it so stat names can be set in a conf file
		ie: darkstar Strength, Spell Power, Stamina, Regeneration, Mana Regen
					Weapon Pwr, Armor
	possibly even make it so gossip, say, emote, etc... can all be in a file
-improve movement
	Only scan 1 row of map tiles in direction of movement
	Keep a list of local things and adjacent things
-make stats work differently for different races/classes
	dex 2-10 dex = 1 ac
	wis alter mp regen rate
	con alter hp regen rate
-"tile" items that players can purchase and drop on land they own, thus
	tiling the map themselves.
-professions/classes ...
	one could study skills like herbology and get exp for finding herbs
		and mixing them into potions
	one could get exp for mining ore for use in weapons/jewelry/tiles
	one could get exp for forging weapons/armor
	etc...
